Clean logs for alpha deploy cmd (#164)
kyma-incubator/hydroform: parallel-install/README.md

| HelmTimeoutSeconds | `int` | `360` | Timeout for the underlying Helm client. |
| BackoffInitialIntervalSeconds | `int` | `1` | Initial interval used for exponential backoff retry policy. |
| BackoffMaxElapsedTimeSeconds | `int` | `30` | Maximum time used for exponential backoff retry policy. |

> | Log | `func(format string, v ...interface{})` | `fmt.Printf` | Function used for logging. To modify the logging behavior, set a custom logging function. E.g. for disabling any log-output, just provide an empty logging function implementation (`func(f string, v ...interface{}){}`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Log | `func(format string, v ...interface{})` | `fmt.Printf` | Function used for logging. To modify the logging behavior, set a custom logging function. For example, to disable any log output, provide an empty logging function implementation (`func(f string, v ...interface{}){}`). |
```
